we
it started I when we first heard that
you know we up for GI Joe we're like GI
Joe wow this like how is this gonna work
I don't know weren't too sure exactly
where this is going but the more we
developed a score the more we kind of it
just grew into something really big and
beautiful and I think in the end you
know the game of the music is going to
be work together really well and it's
going to really speak for itself there's
a lot of things that don't work well
with computers when it comes to
orchestras so Chris will give me some
notes and say you know I had to do this
bit here because that's what sounded
okay with the samples just for the demo
I really wanted to sound like this and
that's my job to to make it sound like
what Chris really wanted to play what
was in his head all right I will reprint
it on the break it'll sound way cool
even in coming from Germany we had a GI
Joe toys and all the good stuff so
that's definitely definitely a fan I'm
definitely a fan GI joe oh I'm an 80s
kids so I grew up with both the cartoon
and the toys you know so it was a really
you know it's a big deal was not you
know kind of an honor to be able to you
know do this such an iconic franchise to
get to kind of reboot it now for you
know that on next-gen so we start off in
a Arctic environment so it's you know of
course there were trying to sell the
cold we're trying to sell the desolation
windy so we've got you know really kind
of cold sounding strings for Arctic I
actually didn't use that much brass
because brass tends to warm it up a
little bit so that the orchestra is
mostly strings and that one kind of keep
it one-dimensional and then you know for
desert for example we have different
Middle Eastern instruments just to kind
of emphasize okay we got you know desert
and then the same for jungle just make
it to make sure that you know just fits
to the environment our audio director
told us desert like more Middle Eastern
desert maybe so we got to have some fun
with some of the strings there do the
kind of unison Middle Eastern strings a
lot of portamento slide it up and
I know we kept telling the string
players to play it sexier the theme for
GI Joe the new one that Chris and Sasha
wrote has been was a lot of fun to
record because it's big and epic and you
know everyone's playing loud I love the
theme I think it's a great way to bring
GI Joe you know into modern times and
also we've got a couple little retro
touches in there for the fans that I
think they'll be really happy with
you